Update stream-analytics-custom-path-patterns-blob-storage-output.md (#62896)
Azure/azure-content: articles/stream-analytics/stream-analytics-custom-path-patterns-blob-storage-output.md

### Partition key options

> The partition key, or column name, used to partition input data may contain alphanumeric characters with hyphens, underscores, and spaces. It is not possible to use nested fields as a partition key unless used in conjunction with aliases. The partition key must be NVARCHAR(MAX), BIGINT, FLOAT, or BIT (1.2 compatibility level or higher).[More information about Azure Stream Analytics Data types](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/stream-analytics-query/data-types-azure-stream-analytics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The partition key, or column name, used to partition input data may contain alphanumeric characters with hyphens, underscores, and spaces. It is not possible to use nested fields as a partition key unless used in conjunction with aliases. The partition key must be NVARCHAR(MAX), BIGINT, FLOAT, or BIT (1.2 compatibility level or higher). For more information, see [Azure Stream Analytics Data types](https://docs.microsoft.com/stream-analytics-query/data-types-azure-stream-analytics).
```
